I,
yeah,
uh,
I got caught smoking weed at universities.
I had my girl bring my kid away and I was outside of the Jurassic Park.
I didn't get caught by the police,
but I was outside of the Jurassic Park ride and I was like,
all right,
you know,
bring him to go get a soda or whatever.
I'm going to sit here and smoke my vape pen.
And a,
there's like one of the handlers,
they have a thing where they have a velociraptors like a person in a costume,
but it's again,
I'm gonna try to costume.
Yeah.
And they're pretending to be like a velociraptor and the uh,
the trainers like trying to calm them down and it's a whole display with the
kids and everyone's really excited.
So I'm just kind of watching it,
like getting stoned zoning out.
And at one point the girls got like one of those,
you know,
a microphone face pieces on.
She just goes,
she goes,
sir,
not here.
And that was it.
And I went up and then I just,
sir,
not here,
faded off into this.
I know.
I wonder if they're cooler about it now.
Now this is a year ago.
Oh,
there's not that long ago.
Wow.
I was very surprised.
I was like,
this is California.
What would it,
what if it was a vape pen with tobacco or CBD or are you allowed to do that?
Probably not.
I think there's smoking areas that are designated,
but she knew what it was.
She saw my face.
I was,
my mouth was agape watching real velociraptors walking around.
I was losing my mind.
It was all us to like get outta here.
Stoner.
Yeah.
That was listening to the radio and Utah and they were talking about how they
have to,
uh,
re uh,
they have to figure out what to do with their drug sniffing dogs now,
cause there's no reason for that.
Is there a change in Utah?
Is Utah changing their,
uh,
their drug policy?
Because it was funny this listening to this old dude on,
just for the,
for the fuck of it.
I was listen to am radio talk radio and this old dude was talking about how they
uh,
they're,
they're going to decommission some of these drug sniffing dogs cause they'd use
them on like traffic stops.
There we go.
Medical Marijuana in Utah could mean retirement for generation of drug canines.
Just fucking putting these dogs down.
Well they also were worried about the police officers themselves losing jobs
here.
Like when you hear about pot that's making its way into a place like Utah,
you know,
first of all you realize God damn pod is really,
you can't stop.
It's here.
The genie's out of the bottle.
The revenues in grandma feels better.
You know,
the Alzheimer's,
the people that have all these serious issues that CBD is fixing,
arthritis patients,
people with like real problems that are not finding any other solution that
works the way cannabis does.
They're just giving in and then they're making all this money.
But then you see these old folks that are from a different time and they're
talking about it and they,
they look at it in terms of like how many police jobs are going to go away.
How many dogs are going to be decommissioned lead.
So it's not really my problem.
Interesting to watch them look at it as an economic issue.
The problem is you have pot heads that are leading the charge.
So it's for a long time it was difficult to take him serious.
Yeah.
You still needed,
you needed straightly skies to come in and you know,
there's a lot of money there.
There's so much money in it that you're getting that,
but when you have fucking hippies playing hacky sack and yeah.
You know,
weren't Pooka shell necklaces,
this sort of hard to take them seriously when the reality is they kind of want
it to be legalized for recreational purposes and you know,
yeah.
I don't know.
Like for,
I don't,
I don't use,
we assess doesn't try to do,
I do take CBD.
I literally,
during that fight I was using topical CBD the whole time.
Um,
so I guess I do,
I take CBD excellent daily,
but I don't know of infamous EBT sponsors or our podcasts and the festivals,
whether also I'll get you a bunch of products because they're a really great
company that supports comedy.
They,
they sponsored my tour when I was preparing for my special,
they're fucking dope.
But,
um,
I take it daily.
I take the,
the oil,
um,
just because you know,
apparently all of the,
the benefits that it has with getting your body back into homeostasis and making
you feel better and getting back in line.
I don't know the fucking effects.
I smoke weed every day as well,
so I'm sure I'm getting CBD affects as well.
But in my mind I'm going,
well,
I have a bunch of this stuff.
I know that since I started taking it,
I weirdly feel better,
but I can't really connect.
You said before you take CBD and you go into another realm?
Well,
I was taking one and one.
It's like one gram of CBD to one gram of,
of THC.
Like it's a,
it's one part.
So whatever milligrams you have,
it's like 10 milligrams CBD.
It's 10 milligrams weed as well.
It's potent.
Yeah.
I take regular CBD too though.
I take oil,
I feel like it's a,
it's very beneficial and much more potent in terms of its anti-inflammatory
benefits than just smoking it.
Smoking it does something for you.
It definitely reduces inflammation,
makes you feel better.
Take sore joints.
A topical.
I was using topicals good too.
Yeah,
but I think the real combination is topical plus the oil.
You don't have to take it,
but people,
a lot of people find that they have better pain relief from one verse,
one plus one like one part THC,
one part.
So it's like edible,
like you know,
marijuana mixed with CBD.
A lot of people find great benefit in that.
For some reason I had to trick my aunt because my aunt,
so anti-drugs and if I told her that CBD was derived from Hampshire,
she wouldn't take him.
She goes better arthritis.
And I gave it to her for,
uh,
for that and she loves it.
And then I told her after the fact,
but it's grabbing dude.
It's just a plant folks.
And if you just get straight CBD,
it has no psychoactive properties.
There's no,
it's not going to.
The only thing that's going to do is for some folks and it works a little bit
less weight with me.
It alleviate some anxiety and just relaxes you.
Yeah.
That's uh,
that's why I smoke weed too.
Yeah.
I smile.
I've been arrested probably 10 times in my life and every time was for smoking a
joint in the street every single time.
Do they arrest you?
Did they take you in?
Yeah.
New York Targhee still fucking sell.
It's crazy.
It's still,
they're still doing,
the last time I was put into a cell for smoking weed was a year and a half ago.
Me and Dave Smith two years ago,
maybe me and just tell them you were Louis J.
Gomez.
I told him,
go to my eyes.
That's when I started in the middle initial.
I was like,
you know what his problem,
I learned a lesson.
I went fucking Louis Gomez as much have rap sheets doggy.
Every time I come back into the country I am pulled into a room and they
fucking,
they look like they're about to fuck me with a rubber glove every time.
Have you been to Panama City ton recently,
sir?
Come right this way.
Every single time.
Time of Bolivia sir.
But yeah,
dude,
when in New York City,
the way it works is you did,
it sucks.
Oh,
it's happened so many times.
It's the worst cause it's just a major inconvenience.
Pain in the ass to get into Canada.
I can do it now because they changed the laws,
but I didn't go to Canada for like three years because of weed for being
arrested for a joint.
We're not talking about like I have announced that I just bought from my dealer
and they found a large amount on me,
a joint smoking on the street.
What they do is they,
they at first they,
they take the weed and they go,
all right,
we're just gonna give you a ticket.
Just hang tight,
relax.
We're going to put cuffs on you.
This is just to keep you calm and just to fucking get you in the patty wagon.
It's all a process.
And then they put you in a paddy wagon.
They used to have sweet nights in New York where all it was was they would go
and try to find kids smoking weed kit,
drunk kids,
college kids,
pissing in public public intoxication.
And the entire night they would just pick up everybody in Phillip,
patty wagons and create criminals.
Just create criminals that have teenagers,
you know,
kit.
And they were targeting this why the stop and frisk laws has happened in New
York.
They changed it because they were just targeting black and Hispanic kids.
Mm.